io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/zoomlevel/ZoomUtils.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.zoomlevel.ZoomUtils
io/flutter/plugins/camera/DartMessenger.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$1
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$2
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$3
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$4
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$5
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$CameraEventType
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DartMessenger$DeviceEventType
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraPermissions.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPermissions
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPermissions$CameraRequestPermissionsListener
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPermissions$PermissionsRegistry
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPermissions$ResultCallback
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/flash/FlashMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.flash.FlashMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraPlugin.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPlugin
io/flutter/plugins/camera/media/MediaRecorderBuilder.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.media.MediaRecorderBuilder
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.media.MediaRecorderBuilder$MediaRecorderFactory
io/flutter/plugins/camera/DeviceOrientationManager.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DeviceOrientationManager
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DeviceOrientationManager$1
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DeviceOrientationManager$2
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.DeviceOrientationManager$3
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/zoomlevel/ZoomLevelFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.zoomlevel.ZoomLevelFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraUtils.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraUtils
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraUtils$1
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraUtils$CompareSizesByArea
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/Point.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.Point
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/CameraRegions.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.CameraRegions
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.CameraRegions$Factory
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/ResolutionPreset.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.ResolutionPreset
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraProperties.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraProperties
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraPropertiesImpl
io/flutter/plugins/camera/Camera.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$1
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$2
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$3
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$4
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$5
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$6
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$7
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.Camera$8
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.ErrorCallback
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/CameraFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.CameraFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/ExposureMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.ExposureMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/PictureCaptureRequest.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.PictureCaptureRequest
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.PictureCaptureRequest$1
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.PictureCaptureRequest$State
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.PictureCaptureRequest$TimeoutHandler
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/exposurepoint/ExposurePointFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.exposurepoint.ExposurePointFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/FlashMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.FlashMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraRegions.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraRegions
io/flutter/plugins/camera/BuildConfig.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.BuildConfig
io/flutter/plugins/camera/types/FocusMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.types.FocusMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/exposurelock/ExposureMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.exposurelock.ExposureMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/CameraZoom.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.CameraZoom
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/autofocus/AutoFocusFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.autofocus.AutoFocusFeature
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.autofocus.AutoFocusFeature$1
io/flutter/plugins/camera/MethodCallHandlerImpl.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.MethodCallHandlerImpl
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/autofocus/FocusMode.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.autofocus.FocusMode
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/exposureoffset/ExposureOffsetFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.exposureoffset.ExposureOffsetFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/exposurelock/ExposureLockFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.exposurelock.ExposureLockFeature
io/flutter/plugins/camera/features/flash/FlashFeature.java
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.flash.FlashFeature
 io.flutter.plugins.camera.features.flash.FlashFeature$1
